{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that\
was introduced?\
\
Honestly for some reason it did not work. When I went to download the files they did not show up in my Downloads. I am not sure what happened. \
\
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more\
efficient programmer in the long term?\
\
This is helpful because one can easily make edits to the program. This is also helpful if one needs to make a serious overhaul to one particular spot. \
\
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a\
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google\
docs does?\
\
Manually being able to save allows one to save at points that make sense. \
\
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple\
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?\
\
When coding one is often working with multiple files and changing one will affect the other. \
\
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?\
\
I have never understood git but it is finally starting to click. Git log shows what has been committed to git and git diff show what has been changed between the different commits\
\
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that\
could break something?\
\
Well it is nice that I can go back to a previous commit in git and fix mistakes. \
\
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?\
\
 I don\'92t know if my workspace is set up correctly\
}